Liav/cert 5572 second challenge (#4)
Certora/damn-vulnerable-defi: contracts/naive-receiver/Readme.md

# Challenge 2 - Naive Receiver
There’s a pool with 1000 ETH in balance, offering flash loans. It has a fixed fee of 1 ETH.
A user has deployed a contract with 10 ETH in balance. It’s capable of interacting with the pool and receiving flash loans of ETH.
Take all ETH out of the user’s contract. If possible, in a single transaction.

### Finding The Bug

> Using the prover we wrote a parametric rule `noChangeToOtherUser` that checks that no interaction with the pool can result in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A rather common parametric rule `noChangeToOtherUser` checks that no interaction with the pool can result in
```
